[docs] Add EAS Metadata docs (#17879)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-metadata/getting-started.md

---
title: Getting started with EAS Metadata
sidebar_title: Getting started
---

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> ⚠️ EAS Metadata is in beta and subject to breaking changes.

EAS Metadata helps you prepare your app for review in the app stores and helps you prevent common pitfalls that often could lead to an app rejection.

## Prerequisites

> EAS Metadata is available starting from EAS CLI >= 0.54.0, and _only supports the App Store_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EAS Metadata is available starting from EAS CLI >= 0.54.0, and _currently_ only supports the Apple App Store.
```

## Create a local store configuration

> We first need to create our local **store.config.json** to get started. This file keeps track of all the information for the app stores. If you have an existing app in the stores, you can generate the configuration file by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, create a **store.config.json** in the root project directory of your app. This file keeps track of all the information for the app stores. If you have an existing app in the stores, you can generate the configuration file by running:
```

    "info": {
      "en-US": {
        "title": "Awesome App",
        "subtitle": "Your self-made awesome app",
        "description": "The most awesome app you've ever seen",
        "keywords": ["awesome", "app"],
        "marketingUrl": "https://example.com/en/promo",
        "supportUrl": "https://example.com/en/support",
        "privacyPolicyUrl": "https://example.com/en/privacy"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> By default EAS Metadata will use the **store.config.json** file in your project. You can change the name and location of the file by [configuring the `metadataPath` on the EAS Submit](../submit/eas-json.md#metadatapath) profile.

## Update the local store configuration

Now it's time to edit the **store.config.json** file and customize it to your app needs. You can find all available options for the **store.config.json** in the [store configuration reference](./store-json.md).

## Upload a new version of the app

To create a new app version in the stores, you must upload a new binary. We can do this by running:

<Terminal cmd={[
  '# Build and deploy to the stores',
  '$ eas build --auto-submit',
  '# Or deploy a previous build to the stores',
  '$ eas submit',

> ]} />

Reviewer 2: ideally we can leave this terminal bit out and just link to some other docs page that tells people about getting their app on the store, or assume that they know how to do this already

Reviewer 2: testing a new tool

###### <a href="https://getunblocked.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/in/166219" width=20 align="center" /></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Comment posted from [Unblocked](https://getunblocked.com/dashboard/team/5bf29d2c-23ae-4af8-8ccc-fe767cd2df79/thread/ef2c770e-87b7-4d63-8858-dc70e3c51f4a?message=611dfd65-7825-4d07-8daa-61f09335b64e).

Author: We can link to this if that makes more sense? https://docs.expo.dev/distribution/uploading-apps/

Reviewer 2: that works!

--

Comment posted using [Unblocked](https://getunblocked.com/dashboard/team/5bf29d2c-23ae-4af8-8ccc-fe767cd2df79/thread/ef2c770e-87b7-4d63-8858-dc70e3c51f4a?message=42fca110-5457-4386-9424-5f204e7168c4).

Author: Done!

---
title: Getting started with EAS Metadata
sidebar_title: Getting started
---

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> ⚠️ EAS Metadata is in beta and subject to breaking changes.

EAS Metadata helps you prepare your app for review by uploading most of the required app information using a simple JSON file. It also helps you prevent common pitfalls that may lead to a rejected app submission.

## Prerequisites

EAS Metadata is available starting from EAS CLI >= 0.54.0, and _currently_ only supports the Apple App Store.

> If you are using vscode, also make sure to [install the Expo plugin](https://github.com/expo/vscode-expo) for **store.config.json** auto-completion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using VSCode, make sure to [install the Expo plugin](https://github.com/expo/vscode-expo) for **store.config.json** auto-completion.
```

Let's use the branding name for VSCode.

Author: 👍

Let's start by creating our **store.config.json** file in the root directory of your project. This file holds all the information you want to upload to the app stores. If you have an existing app in the stores, you can generate the config file by running:

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas metadata:pull']} />

If you don't have an app in the stores, EAS Metadata can't pull that information. You can create a new **store.config.json** file manually instead.

```json
{
  "configVersion": 0,
  "apple": {
    "info": {
      "en-US": {
        "title": "Awesome App",
        "subtitle": "Your self-made awesome app",
        "description": "The most awesome app you've ever seen",
        "keywords": ["awesome", "app"],
        "marketingUrl": "https://example.com/en/promo",
        "supportUrl": "https://example.com/en/support",
        "privacyPolicyUrl": "https://example.com/en/privacy"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> EAS Metadata will use the **store.config.json** file name in your project root by default; you can change the name and location of the file by [configuring the `metadataPath` on the EAS Submit profile](../submit/eas-json.md#metadatapath).

## Update the store config

> Now it's time to edit the **store.config.json** file and customize it to your app needs. A complete overview of what can be defined is coming soon. In the meantime, you can use the [vscode Expo plugin](https://github.com/expo/vscode-expo) and use the auto-completion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now it's time to edit the **store.config.json** file and customize it to your app needs. A complete overview of what can be defined is coming soon. In the meantime, you can use the [VSCode Expo plugin](https://github.com/expo/vscode-expo) and use the auto-completion.
```

<!-- Disabled due to missing config overview
You can find all available options for the **store.config.json** in the [store configuration reference](./store-json.md). -->

## Upload a new app version

> Before we can upload the **store.config.json**, you must upload a new binary of your app. You can [read more about uploading new binaries to stores here.](../distribution/uploading-apps.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before we can upload the **store.config.json**, you must upload a new binary of your app. You can [read more about uploading new binaries to stores here.](../distribution/uploading-apps.md).
```
```suggestion
Before you can upload the **store.config.json**, you must upload a new binary of your app. [Read more about uploading new binaries to stores](../distribution/uploading-apps.md).
```

As per our Docs Writing Style, let's stick to [writing in second person](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#write-in-the-second-person).

After the binary is submitted and processed, we can upload the **store.config.json** to the app stores.

## Upload the store config

> When you are happy with the **store.config.json** settings, we can start syncing that data to the app stores. All we need to do is one command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you are happy with the **store.config.json** settings, start syncing that data to the app stores. All you need to do is run the following command:
```
